WIP: Switching Docs to `SortingAnalyzer` (#2500)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/qualitymetrics.rst

.. code-block:: python

    sorting_analyzer = si.load_sorting_analyzer(folder='waveforms') # start from a sorting_analyzer

>     # without PC (depends on "waveforms", "templates", and "noise_levels")
>     sorting_analyzer.compute(input="quality_metrics", metric_names=['snr'], skip_pc_metrics=False)
>     metrics = sorting_analyzer.get_extension(extension_name="quality_metrics")

Author: ```suggestion
    # without PC (depends on "waveforms", "templates", and "noise_levels")
    qm_ext = sorting_analyzer.compute(input="quality_metrics", metric_names=['snr'], skip_pc_metrics=True)
    metrics = qm_ext.get_data()
```
